README.md, before:

## Assignment 1 - UniqueVector and Classroom
See the assignment specification pdf. Don't forget to update this README. Happy coding!

░░░░░░░░░▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄░░░░
░░░░Much unique░░░░░░░▄▀▒▌░░░
░░░░░░░░▌▒▒█░░░░░░░░▄▀▒▒▒▐░░░
░░░░░░░▐▄▀▒▒▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▒▐░░░
░░░░░▄▄▀▒░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▄█▒Wow░
░░░▄▀▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▀██▀▒▌░░░ 
░░▐▒▒▒▄▄▒▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▒▒▌░░
░░▌░░▌█▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▀█▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▐░░
░▐░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌██▀▒▒░░░▒▒▒▀▄▌░
░▌░▒▄██▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▌░
▀▒▀▐▄█▄█▌▄░▀▒▒░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▐░
▐▒▒▐▀▐▀▒░▄▄▒▄▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▒▒▒▌
▐▒▒▒▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▒▐░
░▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒░▒▒▒▌░
░▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒Very vector▒▐░░
░░▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▄▒▒▒▒▌░░
░░░So classroom▒▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▄▀░░░
░░░░░░▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀░░░░░
░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀░░░░░░░░

Commit message:

Commit 5
UniqueVector complete
Classroom complete
Todo: 3 Classroom extra credit functions

README.md, after:

## Assignment 1 - UniqueVector and Classroom
See the assignment specification pdf. Don't forget to update this README. Happy coding!

Brian Hao
CSCI235

UniqueVector - A custom vector-like ADT that uses a dynamic array as its underlying data structure.
Each entry in the vector must be unique.

Classroom - Utilizes a UniqueArray to maintain a unique roster of students names, stored as strings.


░░░░░░░░░▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄░░░░
░░░░Much unique░░░░░░░▄▀▒▌░░░
░░░░░░░░▌▒▒█░░░░░░░░▄▀▒▒▒▐░░░
░░░░░░░▐▄▀▒▒▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▒▐░░░
░░░░░▄▄▀▒░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▄█▒Wow░
░░░▄▀▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▀██▀▒▌░░░ 
░░▐▒▒▒▄▄▒▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▒▒▌░░
░░▌░░▌█▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▀█▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▐░░
░▐░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌██▀▒▒░░░▒▒▒▀▄▌░
░▌░▒▄██▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▌░
▀▒▀▐▄█▄█▌▄░▀▒▒░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▐░
▐▒▒▐▀▐▀▒░▄▄▒▄▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▒▒▒▌
▐▒▒▒▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▒▐░
░▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒░▒▒▒▌░
░▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒Very vector▒▐░░
░░▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▄▒▒▒▒▌░░
░░░So classroom▒▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▄▀░░░
░░░░░░▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀░░░░░
░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀░░░░░░░░
